TELCODOCS#1255: Removed all instances of single-node (#69310)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/lvms-upgrading-lvms-on-sno.adoc

Reviewer: This is somewhat out of scope for your PR, but would you mind replacing Upgrade and Upgrading on the lines you modified in this file to Update and Updating? Update is the preferred term per our [term glossary](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc#update).

Author: @skopacz1 
Thank you for the review comments.
There were a few more instances of upgrade/upgrading which I have changed to "update/updating".
PTAL.
Thank you!

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="lvms-upgrading-lvms-on-sno_{context}"]
= Updating {lvms} on clusters

> You can update the {lvms-first} Operator to ensure compatibility with your OpenShift version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can update the {lvms-first} Operator to ensure compatibility with your {product-title} version.
```
